I'm now going to show you Max Factor's
latest statement making beauty product
lash extension of that mascara this
product allows you to create an ultra
feminine long lash effect it follows in
the footsteps of Max Factor's hugely
successful masterpiece and false lash
effect mascara z' firstly the reason
lash extension effect makes lashes
appear so dramatically longer looking is
due to its state-of-the-art tapered wand
which enables you to get right into the
corner lashes as well as the root
secondly the wand has bristles just at
its tip enabling it to grip the lashes
especially at the outer corner of the
eye where they tend to be thinner and
lighter in color thirdly lash extension
effect mascara has an effective liquid
lash formula which is new to Max Factor
it contains real nylon lash extension
fibers so now I'm going to show you the
best technique in getting the longest
lashes with this mascara so sweep the
tip of the mascara wand backwards and
forwards over the lashes and look a
little bit chaotic until you start
bringing the lashes in downward
direction and the little latex bristles
really pull it and define each lash down
so it really gives a lovely lengthening
finishing to them we're going to go to
the top it's really important on the
angle that you pull the lashes think of
it like blow-drying your hair you
blow-dry your hair in a direction you
will need to be quite directional when
you're putting the score on your lashes
to really make sure you get that lovely
almond shape and your finds it will get
a really really lovely effect very
subtle effect by just using the one coat
if you want to do another coat say for
going out of the evening you want a
really really full-on eye look but
nothing that's really clogged or heavy
then quickly put on a second coat just
before it dries and there you are
beautiful dramatic lashes that will get
you noticed without any drama
you